what's up guys welcome to a new episode
of fully modded the canis Kalahari this
is the topless version interior very
leathery looking maybe like deer deer
skin this is it sort of like a little
Safari Safari truck well Jeep not drunk
this is also available in I have done
the clinics Kalahari which is the
original version that came out ages ago
I totally forgot about this one this is
the topless version obviously without
the top 15 mods available I wonder if
they give you the option to add the top
back to well we shall see one hundred
percent armor race brakes bumpers we got
matte black bull bar secondary map like
bull bar this one is more shape to the
body where this one is your standard
bull bar looking thing which personally
I think looks better and then we got
matte black rear bumper level four
engine exhaust we got stock exhaust
straight exit the stock actually comes
out of the side and the straight exit
comes on the back it looks better coming
out the side bar will add that to the
back hood is spare tire
random on I'm wondering as well when we
change the wheels whether it actually
changes the spare tire be cool if it did
Zeon lights neon neon layout from
bucking sides and we shall put put some
hot pink on this plate we have yellow on
black respray we're gonna go with a pink
theme let me get all pink on this thing
it's gonna look / fist a pink with a
pearlescent of formula red crazy why
pink you say because we don't do pink
cars so we might as well matte black
sidesteps race transmission turbo tuned
in right wheels we shall go we stay with
off-road is an off-roader so I love how
it automatically makes them black we're
going these mil-spec steely will leave
them in black as well yeah they're
already black standard will accessories
custom tires bulletproof pink tire smoke
there's no windows
but you do get a little bit of tin in
the top sort of like a Sun strip so we
just put it on anyway because it does
change it so there is weed saying all is
glory but it's pink there's nothing it's
just you know one of them crazy random
looking things I don't see many of these
online I don't see people driving them
but there is not a lot available just
your your ramen armor and that's about
it I tell you nothing that would have
been cool if you had the option to
change the color of the Interior that
would have been a call option and also
something something to put in the back
just to fill it out like the rat loader
where you have the option to have them
rubbish on it on the rat Trog maybe some
more option for the back of it but you
know it's just one of them random
looking things this is cool the drift
well
it's actually surprisingly light it
accelerates really fast it doesn't spin
a lot you know when you come on a lot of
cars and when you come say out of a
drift you get it where it does a lot of
spinning but yeah this is it's not too
bad it's just a random looking thing so
there we have it you've enjoyed this
episode feel free to leave a like get in
the bag he just fell over drunk you
drunk my friend yeah feel free to leave
a like on the video if you enjoyed it
thanks for watching subscribe if you
want to see more and I will see you in
the next episode cheers for watching